README.md, before:

# Elm Transit

Animated transitions between pages or components for your Elm apps. The purpose of this package is to make it trivial to add transition to you app, so it's a bit opiniated.

Uses elm-animations and Effects.tick for animation logic.

## Usage

Extend `WithTransition` record type with your own model. 

```elm
import Transit

-- let's say your model is holding a Route to store current page
type Route = ...
type alias Model = Transit.WithTransition { route: Maybe Route }
```

(Note: you're not bound to root model, you can also use it for sub-pages or components transitions)

Then wrap `Action` in one of your action types and call `init` and
`update` in your update function.

```elm
type Action = UpdateRoute Route | TransitAction Transit.Action

update : Action -> Model -> (Model, Effects Action)
update action model =
  case action of

    UpdateRoute route ->
      let
        newModel = { model | route = Just route }
      in
        Transit.init 100 newModel TransitAction 

    TransitAction a ->
      Transit.update a model TransitAction
```

You can then use the provided `slideLeftStyle` function to add the visual effect in your view:

```elm
  div [ class "content", style (Transit.slideLeftStyle model.transition) ] [ text "Some content" ]
```

Commit message:

Updated README for new exit/enter API

README.md, after:

# Elm Transit

Styled transitions with minimal boilerplate, typically for page transitions in single page apps:

> exit (float from 0 to 1) -> your action -> enter (float from 0 to 1)

Uses elm-animations and Effects.tick for animation logic.

## Usage

(Full working example [here](./example/src))

Extend `WithTransition` record type with your own model. 

```elm
import Transit

type Page = Page1 | Page2

type alias Model = Transit.WithTransition { page: Page }
```

(Note: you're not bound to root model, you can also use it for sub-pages or components transitions)

Then wrap `Action` in one of your action types and call `init` and
`update` in your update function.

Note that here we have a kind of recursive type definition, as `Transit.Action` with eventually trigger one `Action`.

```elm
type Action = NavigateTo Page | SetPage Page | TransitAction (Transit.Action Action)

update : Action -> Model -> (Model, Effects Action)
update action model =
  case action of

    NavigateTo page ->
      let
        timeline = Transit.defaultTimeline (SetPage page) 
        -- see withExitDuration and withEnterDuration for customisation
      in
        Transit.init TransitAction timeline model

    TransitAction a ->
      Transit.update TransitAction a model
        
    SetPage page ->
      ({ model | page = page }, Effects.none)
```

You can then use one of the provided functions in `Transit.Style` (or create one of your own)
to add the visual effect in your view:

```elm
  div [ class "content", style (Transit.fadeSlideLeft 50 model) ] [ text "Some content" ]
```
